this one's a male try to give him a
light girth
hi
you're not as fuzzy as your girlfriend
are you don't look as wild
you guys found a pregnant mom or - that
one's huge - there's your women is that
while you're over there keeping an eye
on him
bet you knock them both up keep up the
good work buddy
attaboy I'll let's see what happens here
you like I should back away I think
we're about to see your reunion you
getting all cleaned up
Oh your baby's got a branch trailing
from his Dale away it's not as small as
I thought
silly Wow he's fuzzy
see this this guy's defensive pose
don't want anybody coming around his
baby see the reunion kiss-kiss where are
we gonna see oh that's cute
I think somebody's getting frisky
I don't when you get the branch off your
boys too
I really like this one right here so
wild looking alright bye guys
more of my favorite trees
I'm here at this old ruined place near
the the servants quarters of the old
plantation that was here is still here
and by servants quarters they mean slave
quarters these trees are amazing
just imagine what this place would have
been like back then looks like this
would have been like this since your
courtyard or something platform over
here with a well next to it building
surrounding it
my favorite
she's so pretty
that's why your is number one girl in it